Atem:

This is a server that I am designing to see where I am at for the Java programming language. It contains numerous library
files that are as followed:

JBoss Netty, MINA, IO, NIO, Grizzly, xSocket, Google Translate, Jython, APIviz, Chatterbot , JLisp, JPerl, JPHP, JUnit,
JRuby, UPNP and XStream

Please note that speed will not be taken into consideration. This is a project that is highly object orientated and is will
be used as such. My intentions are to implement as much as I can within this server and is being built for learning purposes
when it comes to the Java programming language, scripting languages, etc. The networking is done via JBoss Netty and the core
content is divided into numerous divisions. For those of you who do not like this or that and do like that or this, you have
a choice as to whether or not you wish to use a specific language to load something, whether it may be a simple command to a
difficult log in/content system. The choices are as follows:

1 - JNI: C, C++, C#.

2 - Scripting/Programming/Machine Languages: Assembly, BASIC, Batch, Fortran, Google-Go, JavaScript?, Lisp, Pascal, Perl,
PHP, Python, Ruby, Scala, XML.

3 - Networking: Netty, MINA, IO, NIO, Grizzly, xSocket.

Please be aware that this will take time to develop and again, it is highly object orientated for the sake of neatness,
usability, readability, and learning purposes. Please note that this will be a huge project along with a huge folder filled
with content when it comes to a downloadable source to use for your share. For those of you who do not like using the JBoss
Netty networking API, I will be contributing multiple networking APIs from as low as a the standard IO API to as high as
MINA; that way everybody gets a fair share towards what they wish to use.

With the above that has been stated, I will be making this server a "free-for-all" kind. That means it will not only be used
for the 317 revision but also for others such as 474, 508, 562, 614, etc. As of right now, it only contains the 317 revision
but more will come in due time.

Primary Goals: Flexibility, Versatility, Recyclable, Object Oriented.

With a server, you must have a client; this is a given. I am currently developing a client that has the same ideas that
the ExodiaServer? carries: multiple scripting languages, multiple networking APIs, OOP/speed sessions, JNI, etc. The
client is horribly done and I will attempt to redo it and hopefully get it up and running in the near future. The client
will be able to connect to other servers out there so that others may learn and use it at their own free will.

Sincerely,

Joshua Rodrigues
